[Coroutines][Docs] Add a discussion on the handling of certain parameter attribs (#117183)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/Coroutines.rst

    ret ptr %hdl
  }

Parameter Attributes
====================
Some parameter attributes, used to communicate additional information about the result or parameters of a function, require special handling.

ByVal
-----

> A ByVal parameter on an argument indicates that the pointer parameter should really be passed by value to the function.

Reviewer: `the pointer parameter` maybe the pointee?

> A ByVal parameter on an argument indicates that the pointer parameter should really be passed by value to the function.

Author: ```suggestion
A ByVal parameter on an argument indicates that the pointee should be treated as being passed by value to the function.
```
